2024-10-08

Invited:

- Johannes Segitz (SUSE)
- Marc Deslauriers (Canonical)
- Mark Esler (Canonical)
- Marcus Meissner (SUSE)
- Alex Murray
- Avinash Hanwate
- Steve Beattie
- Salvatore Bonaccorso
- Moritz Muehlenhoff
- Marco Benatto
- Patrick Del Bello (RH)
- Anthraxx at archlinux.org
- Freswa at archlinux.org
- Jmm at inutil.org
- Sam at gentoo.org
- Wolfgang Frisch (SUSE)
- Paolo Perego (SUSE)
- Filippo Bonazzi (SUSE)
- Norbert Manthey (Amazon)
- Frederic (Amazon)
- Frederick Lefebvre (Arch)
- Levent Polyak (Arch)

Participated:


Topics:
- Tooling/orga setup of this group
  Minutes etc. will be collected in
  https://github.com/jsegitz/distro-security-meetup
  I'll add you to the repo next meeting. It's quite annoying just doing this based on the list of names here
- Presentation from Canonical about their way of working (Mark Esler)
- Issue with coordinated disclosure
  Do you experience the same issues?
  Would it be helpful to have a way to coordinate this better (maybe via this group)?
- Extend RPM Specfile with additional meta data, e.g. package repo URL, commit ID hash, release archive creation command(s) (Norbert Manthey)
