2025-10-28

Invited:

- Johannes Segitz (SUSE)
- Marc Deslauriers (Canonical)
- Marcus Meissner (SUSE)
- Avinash Hanwate
- Andreas Stieger (Amazon)
- Salvatore Bonaccorso (Debian)
- Moritz Muehlenhoff (Debian)
- Marco Benatto (RH)
- Patrick Del Bello (RH)
- Anthraxx (Arch)
- Freswa (Arch)
- Sam (Gentoo)
- Wolfgang Frisch (SUSE)
- Paolo Perego (SUSE)
- Filippo Bonazzi (SUSE)
- Frederic (Arch)
- Frederick Lefebvre (Amazon)
- Levent Polyak (Arch)
- Samuel Henrique (Amazon, Debian)
- Sebastien Delafond (Debian)
- Jim Perrin (Microsoft)
- Cathy Hu (SUSE)
- Michael Hendrickx (Microsoft)
- Chris Gordon (Microsoft)
- Norbert Manthey (Amazon)
- Diogo Sousa (Canonical)
- David Fernandez Gonzalez (Oracle)
- Denis Pilipchuk (Oracle)
- John Haxby (Oracle)
- Aleksandr Burmahev (Oracle)
- Pal Lakatos-Toht (MS)
- Stoyan Manolov (SUSE)

Participated:

- Johannes Segitz (SUSE)
- Filippo Bonazzi (SUSE)
- Pal Lakatos-Toht (MS)
- Denis Pilipchuk (Oracle)
- David Fernandez Gonzalez (Oracle)
- Wolfgang Frisch (SUSE)
- Moritz Muehlenhoff (Debian)
- Jim Perrin (Microsoft)
- Marcus Meissner (SUSE)
- Stoyan Manolov (SUSE)

Standing topics:

- Conferences members visit to meet up, e.g.
  - FOSDEM
  - https://events.linuxfoundation.org/linux-security-summit-europe/

  Sent conferences you join to the mailing list if you're interested to meet up

  - For bigger groups organize a room
  - For smaller groups: Just meet for a beer

Topics:

- https://infosec.exchange/@joshbressers/115341200496542831

  Podcast looking for member of security teams to be interviewed

- GCVE initiative (Guest Alexandre Dulaunoy of CIRCLE)

  Unfortunately doesn't respond anymore, will try for next meeting again

- Amazon Linux presentation (Amazon)

  Sam not available today

- Norbert Manthey: 
  * git-llm-pick tool
  * package-validation-tool 

  https://github.com/awslabs/Git_llm_pick/

  Postponed to next meeting

- Issues in the Ruby Gem system

  https://lwn.net/Articles/1040778/

- RH ExploitIQ Demo (James Fuller)
  https://github.com/RedHatProductSecurity/aegis-ai

  Johannes will reach out to James

- Microsoft might be able to present their way of working
  Pal Lakatos-Toht (MS)

- how do other distros deal with auditors for reports from vuln scanners for unfixed CVEs?

  E.g. - US gov regulations go by CVSS only, they don't recognize impact on particular env

  Idea: Qualys, Teneable reach out to them to join the meeting.
  Discuss common issues

  Denis will reach out to them, we'll prepare example CVEs with CVSS scores that differ

  Maybe also reach out to NVD at a later time
