2024-11-19

Invited:

- Johannes Segitz (SUSE)
- Marc Deslauriers (Canonical)
- Mark Esler (Canonical)
- Marcus Meissner (SUSE)
- Alex Murray
- Avinash Hanwate
- Steve Beattie (Canonical)
- Andreas Stieger (Amazon)
- Salvatore Bonaccorso
- Moritz Muehlenhoff
- Marco Benatto (RH)
- Patrick Del Bello (RH)
- Anthraxx at archlinux.org
- Freswa at archlinux.org
- Jmm at inutil.org
- Sam at gentoo.org
- Wolfgang Frisch (SUSE)
- Paolo Perego (SUSE)
- Filippo Bonazzi (SUSE)
- Frederic (Amazon)
- Frederick Lefebvre (Arch)
- Levent Polyak (Arch)

Participated:


Topics:
- Presentation from RH about their way of working

- Issue with coordinated disclosure. Sometimes tricky to get hold of people.  Do you experience the same issues?
  Would it be helpful to have a way to coordinate this better (maybe via this group)?

  In general yes. One option could be VINCE or do it fully in the open (e.g. oss sec)

- Extend RPM Specfile with additional meta data, e.g. package repo URL, commit ID hash, release archive creation command(s) (Norbert Manthey)

  Similar project https://repology.org/
